Create a Helm Chart for Rafter and its services (#13)
kyma-project/rafter: charts/rafter-asyncapi-service/README.md

# AsyncAPI Service

This project contains the Helm chart for the AsyncAPI Service.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes v1.14 or higher

> - Helm v2.15 or higher

Author: I tested it with Kyma and it works with 2.10, but I forgot to change version here, because at first I had copied Prerequisites from example helm chart :)

> - Helm v2.15 or higher

Author: Otherwise, changed to 2.10+ in all charts

| `serviceMonitor.scrapeInterval` | Scrape interval for the ServiceMonitor custom resource | `30s` |
| `serviceMonitor.labels` | Custom labels for the ServiceMonitor custom resource | `{}` |
| `serviceMonitor.annotations` | Custom annotations for the ServiceMonitor custom resource | `{}` |
| `envs.host` | AsyncAPI Service host | `0.0.0.0` |
| `envs.verbose` | Parameter that defines if logs from the AsyncAPI Service should be visible | `true` |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument for `helm install`. See this example:

``` bash
helm install --name rafter-asyncapi-release \
  --set serviceMonitor.create=true,serviceMonitor.name="rafter-service-monitor" \
    incubator/rafter-asyncapi-service
```

That command installs the release with the `rafter-service-monitor` name for the ServiceMonitor custom resource.

Alternatively, use the default values in [values.yaml](./values.yaml) or provide a YAML file while installing the chart to specify the values for configurable parameters. See this example:

``` bash
helm install --name rafter-asyncapi-release -f values.yaml incubator/rafter-asyncapi-service
```

> ### Template values.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### values.yaml as a template
```

> You can template `values.yaml` for the AsyncAPI Service chart using such Helm variables as `.Chart.*`, or `.Values.*`. See this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `values.yaml` for the AsyncAPI Service chart serves as a template. Use such Helm variables as `.Chart.*`, or `.Values.*`. See this example:
```
I could not find the word 'template' as a verb. Can we rephrase? Would the above sound correct? Can you also maybe update the example so that it shows the `.Chart.*`, or `.Values.*`?

| **envs.verbose** | Parameter that defines if logs from the AsyncAPI Service should be visible | `true` |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument for `helm install`. See this example:

``` bash
helm install --name rafter-asyncapi-service \
  --set serviceMonitor.create=true,serviceMonitor.name="rafter-service-monitor" \
    rafter-charts/rafter-asyncapi-service
```

That command installs the release with the `rafter-service-monitor` name for the ServiceMonitor custom resource.

Alternatively, use the default values in [values.yaml](./values.yaml) or provide a YAML file while installing the chart to specify the values for configurable parameters. See this example:

``` bash
helm install --name rafter-asyncapi-service -f values.yaml rafter-charts/rafter-asyncapi-service
```

### values.yaml as a template

The `values.yaml` for the AsyncAPI Service chart serves as a template. Use such Helm variables as `.Release.*`, or `.Values.*`. See this example:

``` yaml
pod:
  annotations:
    sidecar.istio.io/inject: "{{ .Values.injectIstio }}"
    recreate: "{{ .Release.Time.Seconds }}"
``` 

### Change values for envs. parameters

> You can define values for all **envs.** parameters as objects by providing the parameters as the inline `value` or the `valueFrom` object. See the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can define values for all **envs.** parameters as objects by providing the parameters as the inline `value` or the **valueFrom** object. See the following example:
```
